Beam-beam collision example (#4546)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Examples/Physics_applications/beam-beam_collision/README.rst

the Breit-Wheeler QED module for the generation of electron-positron pairs (also known as coherent pair generation in the collider community).

To solve for the electromagnetic field we use the nodal version of the electrostatic relativistic solver.
This solver computes the average velocity of each species, and solves the corresponding relativistic Poisson equation (see the WarpX documentation for `warpx.do_electrostatic = relativistic` for more detail). This solver accurately reproduced the subtle cancellation that occur for some component of the ``E + v x B`` terms which are crucial in simulations of relativistic particles.

This example is based on the following paper :cite:t:`ex-Yakimenko2019`.

Run
---

The PICMI input file is not available for this example yet.

For `MPI-parallel <https://www.mpi-forum.org>`__ runs, prefix these lines with ``mpiexec -n 4 ...`` or ``srun -n 4 ...``, depending on the system.

.. literalinclude:: inputs
   :language: ini
   :caption: You can copy this file from ``Examples/Physics_applications/beam-beam_collision/inputs``.

Visualize
---------

> The figure below shows the number of photons emitted per beam particle (left) and the number of secondary pairs generated per beam particle (right).

Reviewer: As a follow-up PR, could you post the Python script that was used to obtain this figure?

Author: I thought about this but decided not to do it because I'm using a digitized version of the data from Yakimenko's paper. 
Should I upload those files too?
Otherwise, I could add the portion of the python script that deals with the WarpX data only. 
Same applies to the full scale data.

The small-scale simulation has been performed with a resolution of ``nx = 64, ny = 64, nz = 128`` grid cells, while the large-scale one has a much higher resolution of ``nx = 512, ny = 512, nz = 1024``. Moreover, the large-scale simulation uses dedicated QED lookup tables instead of the builtin tables. To generate the tables within WarpX, the code must be compiled with the flag ``-DWarpX_QED_TABLE_GEN=ON``. For the large-scale simulation we have used the following options:

.. code-block:: ini

   qed_qs.lookup_table_mode = generate
   qed_bw.lookup_table_mode = generate
   qed_qs.tab_dndt_chi_min=1e-3
   qed_qs.tab_dndt_chi_max=2e3
   qed_qs.tab_dndt_how_many=512
   qed_qs.tab_em_chi_min=1e-3
   qed_qs.tab_em_chi_max=2e3
   qed_qs.tab_em_chi_how_many=512
   qed_qs.tab_em_frac_how_many=512
   qed_qs.tab_em_frac_min=1e-12
   qed_qs.save_table_in=my_qs_table.txt
   qed_bw.tab_dndt_chi_min=1e-2
   qed_bw.tab_dndt_chi_max=2e3
   qed_bw.tab_dndt_how_many=512
   qed_bw.tab_pair_chi_min=1e-2
   qed_bw.tab_pair_chi_max=2e3
   qed_bw.tab_pair_chi_how_many=512
   qed_bw.tab_pair_frac_how_many=512
   qed_bw.save_table_in=my_bw_table.txt

> .. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17280419/291749626-aa61fff2-e6d2-45a3-80ee-84b2851ea0bf.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.I96LQpjqmFXirPDVnBlFQIkCuenR6IuOSY0OIIQvtCo

Reviewer 2: This should just read
```suggestion
.. figure:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17280419/291749626-aa61fff2-e6d2-45a3-80ee-84b2851ea0bf.png
```

.. _examples-beam-beam_collision:

Beam-beam collision
====================

This example shows how to simulate the collision between two ultra-relativistic particle beams.
This is representative of what happens at the interaction point of a linear collider.
We consider a right-propagating electron bunch colliding against a left-propagating positron bunch.

We turn on the Quantum Synchrotron QED module for photon emission (also known as beamstrahlung in the collider community) and
the Breit-Wheeler QED module for the generation of electron-positron pairs (also known as coherent pair generation in the collider community).

To solve for the electromagnetic field we use the nodal version of the electrostatic relativistic solver.

> This solver computes the average velocity of each species, moves to the rest frame of each species where it solves the relativistic Poisson equation,
> and goes back to the lab frame where it adds up all the fields of all species.
> This solver showed good field cancellation properties that are crucial in simulations of relativistic particles.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solver computes the average velocity of each species, and solves the corresponding relativistic Poisson equation (see the WarpX documentation for `warpx.do_electrostatic = relativistic` for more detail). This solver accurately reproduced the subtle cancellation that occur for some component of the ``E + v x B`` terms which are crucial in simulations of relativistic particles.

```
